### Ask Dr. Hale
1) Difference between report for M3 and Paper for M3? One paper for whole team?  
 ANS: Report is collection of deliverables and evidence etc. paper is a real paper
2) Will we be presenting in class or only a recording like M1  
  ANS: Discussion board only
3) Time limit for presentation?  
   ANS: 9ish minutes
4) Is the due date friday or Sunday night, like M1  
  ANS: Sunday Night
5) Can the 'Diagrams' be the graphs/charts from survey results? Do we need two for sure?  
  ANS: Any diagram will do. More like visual aids rather than specific diagrams.
 

Bring this up:  
Lost sight of case studies while doing survey/modeling. May need to address after M2 or not at all. Others had already done case studies, so we dont need to do them, just use htem as evidence to support our arguemnt. --> Hale: Okay to use exisitng ones as evidence

Notes:
3/31/2025 Meeting with Dr. Hale

Q1: Presentation
No-inclass presentation. Dr. Hale posted a Discussion board on Canvas, the presentation should be 8-9 min, team should focus on slides/topics  that we want the most feedback on, want them to answer the questions on our survey? Dr. Hale said just have a direct call to action for them to answer some of the survey questions. 
Q2: Diagrams
Can be any kind of diagram, goal of diagram is a visual aid to enhance the presentation and paper. Collection of visual aids, processes that we followed, agent based model 
Case Studies
Case studies that already exist…..that is okay with Dr. Hale. Present as evidence. Analysis backs up what we are saying
Project Realization
Update the risks, update all sides of the project as they have so that's about 90% of them based off the timing should take about 8 days to get money back 
Feedback on CrowdStrike Model
so one question I have is why is it why are they all affected if only 124 of the 1500 so they're connected so company a who's affected by crowd strike can still be connected to non infected nodes and that infects them that doesn't seem quite right yeah it makes sense from a viral point of view yeah but it doesn't map to like the since these are updates it's not a virus it's not probably not going to it's not going to propagate to someone who's not affected by crowd strike 
so I think you need to think about like how does it affect another user in the system which maybe means in my mind that you need like to go with that I was thinking like it would hit the company and wouldn't hit the whole company or no yeah that's what I was about to say is like let's say you have this situation it's your crowd strike thing right so it's like yeah OK clusters of notes so this is a cluster this is a cluster just wanna represented by single mode so I think if you want individual users and you want to see propagation or you might have is that this one is connected to crowdstrike right and it's like acting as like a broker for its peers or something right so there could be internal connectivity here internal to the corporate network OK there's still a propagation in like a very viral way as this update is grabbed from central and then passed on each of the machines perhaps but it wouldn't affect these nodes at all because they're not connected to crowd strike that connection like this doesn't matter because 
it's not it's not going to propagate because it's not an update so maybe so then cluster clusters would be companies and nodes would be users years within that company yeah so specific clusters would be connected to crowdstrike but they wouldn't be connected to each other so like from a viral propagation model like it doesn't make sense for all nodes in the network to become effect infected because not everything is going to receive an update right so if only unless you're trying to model something different which is that the entire network are all connected to crowd strike right yeah that's what I was kind of thinking because they were slowly receiving the updates right necessarily just stopped right at the company level some users were still affected yeah so I think what you have currently modeled don't think it's actually true that 124 companies are affected it's 124 machines were initially affected that then propagate to other machines and everyone in this network graph is all connected eventually to crowd strike right so I don't think it's true that you have unaffected companies right now you're modeling everyone is being affected it's just that there's a propagation delay from the proxy update server to the endpoints and you're what you're actually modeling is if the delayed effect of that proxy updater to propagate to the network and then you're modeling the slower recovery time that starts machine by machine I think that's what you're modeling currently whether or not you want to model that as another question if you want to model like the global ecosystem of other companies in there too then it is going to be the case that you're going to have some clusters of machines that are not effective at all right like my machine wasn't affected if I'm on Mac for instance right or if you and i wasn't affected like i wasn't affected because that patch didn't roll out to us so even if i use the machine or i was connected to a machine that was affected it didn't affect me because i didn't get that patch

Final Paper
Goes off outline, 1 paper (everyone contribute to it all) 
